Kim Edits-HL7-MLLP (#1324)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: hl7-mllp/2.1/modules/ROOT/edits/index.adoc

> = HL7 MLLP Connector 2.1 - Mule 4

Reviewer: Skimmed under assumption that boilerplate was applied.

Author: yes

:page-aliases: connectors::hl7/hl7-mllp-connector.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Premium]

> Anypoint Connector HL7 Minimal Lower Layer Protocol (MLLP) Connector (HL7 MLLP) provides connectivity and parsing functionality for HL7 MLLP messages.

Reviewer: Clarify the exact full connector and the abbreviated connector name; I am guessing...:

Anypoint Connector for HL7 Minimal Lower-Layer Protocol (MLLP) (HL7 MLLP Connector)

Reviewer: Be sure these names are adhered to throughout.

Author: check

> For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the HL7 MLLP Connector Release Notes.

Reviewer: Should this be a link?

Author: STET in template.

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* Anypoint Connectors

* Mule runtime engine (Mule)

* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow

* Creating a Mule app using Anypoint Studio (Studio)

> * HL7 MLLP Connector

Reviewer: Remove linespaces, per boilerplate

Author: ?

To use HL7 MLLP Connector, you must have:

> 

Reviewer: Remove linespaces

Author: Not sure why

> * Purchased a MuleSoft license for HL7. Contact your Account Representative for information on purchasing a license.

Reviewer: Reformat per SR and reword for parallelism:
```suggestion
* A MuleSoft license for HL7
+
Contact your Account Representative for information about purchasing a license.
```

Author: fixed.

> 

Reviewer: remove
```suggestion
```

Author: ?

* Anypoint Studio 7.0 or later

> 

Reviewer: remove
```suggestion
```

Author: these are okay
